chore(license): Add a license file. (#1)
Linkvalue-Interne/LvConnect: README.md

- [/users](docs/endpoint-users.md) (Users endpoint)

#### Hooks

> Hooks allow you to connect your to LvConnect events, to assure that your user database is up to date with LvConnect one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hooks allows your app to subscribe to LVConnect events, making sure that your user database is up to date with LVConnect.
```

- [See the documentation](docs/hooks.md)

> #### Utilisation in your project

Reviewer: English please 😛

## Deployment

LvConnect uses automatic deploy through CircleCI deploys. Staging environment is auto-deployed on each commit made upon master branch. 
Production environment release is auto-built upon tags on master branch, the build will have to be deployed manually by going into the CircleCI workflow of the build and triggering the deploy job.

> To tag a release for production, use the npm version command which will bump version in package.json and generate the CHANGELOG.md file automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To tag a release for production, use the `npm version` command which will bump version in package.json and generate the CHANGELOG.md file automatically.
```
